Add note about denial-of-service vulnerability (#385)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: draft-ietf-tls-esni.md

ClientHelloInner. It MUST NOT be sent in either ClientHelloOuter or
ClientHelloInner.

Note that it is possible to implement decoding of the EncodedClientHelloInner in
a way that creates a denial-of-service vulnerability. Specifically, the server
needs to check that each extension in the OuterExtensions list appears in the

> ClientHelloOuter. The naive strategy would require N\*M comparisons in the worst

Reviewer: Nit: O(N\*M) and O(N\*log(M)), since it's not exact? (And since O captures "in the worst case", you could probably even omit it then.)

Author: Done.

> ClientHelloOuter. The naive strategy would require N\*M comparisons in the worst

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ClientHelloOuter. The naive strategy would require O(N\*M) comparisons in the worst
```

case, where N is the number of extensions in the ClientHelloOuter and M is the
number of extensions in the OuterExtensions list. Malicious clients could

> exploit this behavior in order to degrade the performance or availability of the
> server. This problem can be mitigated by representing OuterExtensions in a way

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
exploit this behavior in order to cause excessive work for the server.
This problem can be mitigated by representing OuterExtensions in a way
```

Author: Done, I also added ", possibly making it unavailable." (Worth mentioning since it's the goal of the attacker.)

> that allows it to be searched more quickly. for example, the worst case runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that allows it to be searched more quickly. For example, the worst case runtime
```

> can be improved to N\*log(M) by sorting the OuterExtensions and using binary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can be improved to O(N\*log(M)) by sorting the OuterExtensions and using binary
```

> search to access it.

Reviewer: You want to represent the ClientHelloOuter's extensions this way, not the OuterExtensions, right? OuterExtensions is the structure stored in the outer_extensions extension. (Gosh, so many variations on "outer" and "extensions"!)

Author: I was thinking it would be better to pre-sort OuterExtensions, since presumably M << N.

Author: O(M log(M)) might instead of O(N log(N)) seems better for sorting.
